so this is a cool clutch this is
actually a striped Gophers oh we got a
wrestling match going on here and we're
hoping to get a snow in them because
there's these are two entries actually
three honorees which is kind of high
which kind of makes it lowers or a
chance for snow because there's one of
our crazy albinos right there that just
came out beautiful little snake these
are beautiful snakes they're all striped
neck and and see here that's another
another mobile one and are we going to
get a snow no snow but very good looking
snakes king cobra he thinks he's bad boy
whoa guys don't get to see this very
often huh there's actually I got a
brought a bunch of babies hatched
they're very fast those are those are
all gopher snakes I'm right here are
some beautiful spiders and their rip
there they came from a hat red X antic
and I don't know we can't I don't know
what a red example spider looks at like
this one's a little bit different it's
got some weird coloration the other one
looks more normal and
and now that i read internet exotic it's
a good this one right here right so we
got to figure out what that is for sure
that's kind of cool this all hats today
do it then so this is another one this
one here we don't know what the heck
happened it's a Mojave we bred to a
unique animal and at least two of the
babies are very unique-looking so kind
of cool they're coming out there's
another one that's unique so we got two
unique ones kind of a normal one maybe a
unique one there so we don't know look
at that play that thing it's almost like
antitheist 'ok it's beautiful so this
one here is definitely whatever it is
that's one of them right there it's got
the big burn outs on the side it's like
it's really different last clutch has
some couple use unique snakes in it too
this is kind of different again just too
weird my hobbies and you can see the
normals have unique bellies and yeah so
we don't know what that is either but
we're going to take a good look at them
take you know do some comparison some of
this stuff is so new that we're trying
that we don't know what they are so
there's very unique-looking so
busy morning on the clutches all kinds
of babies actually got oh you put a
couple clutches away today and hopefully
got more coming so we're going to put
these set these up get these going and
maybe go put some nails in and make some
more incubator has room now